Enhancement/#127 creation of contributor license agreement (#36)
BrunoSilvaATB/coatrack: cla/signing-tutorial.md

> # CoatRack CLA Signing Tutorial

Reviewer: "Tutorial" is not a good name for this, I would call it "instructions". In general I am wondering if this shouldn't be part of the contribution guidelines file? All information in one page seems to be helpful for prospective contributors.

Author: Done. I renamed the 'signing tutorial' to 'signing instructions' and merged them with the guidelines in a CONTRIBUTION.md file.

> When submitting a pull request for the first time, you will need to agree to the contributor license agreement (CLA). For example single, private persons must agree on the [CLA for individuals](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest/individual-cla.pdf) and organizations must agree on the [CLA for entities](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest/entity-cla.pdf). To do this, copy, rename and move [signing-template.md](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/signing-template.md) to `/cla/contributors/<your-github-username>.md`. Fill in the missing information, including the SHA-256 checksum of the corresponding CLA just mentioned, and add this file to your first pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting a pull request for the first time, you will need to agree to the contributor license agreement (CLA). 

* Individual private persons must agree on the [CLA for individuals](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest/individual-cla.pdf) and 
* Organizations must agree on the [CLA for entities](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest/entity-cla.pdf). 

If you agree to the respective CLA, you have to create a pull request including a file that officially and transparently documents your intention to sign the CLA:

 1. Please copy, rename and move [signing-template.md](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/signing-template.md) to `/cla/contributors/<your-github-username>.md`. 
 2. Fill in the missing information, including the SHA-256 checksum of the CLA PDF file you want to sign, and add this file to your first pull request. The checksum clearly documents the version of the CLA that you agree to.
 3. After you created the pull request, please send an email to `info_(at)_coatrack_dot_eu` to inform us about the pull request. 
 
By merging your pull request, the the information that you agreed to the CLA will be part of the official public code base of CoatRack.
 
```

Author: Done as suggested.

## Structure of the 'cla' folder

> For transparency reasons, we will briefly explain here how our CLA system works. Harmony provides [templates](http://harmonyagreements.org/agreements.html) for CLA's in ODT format which are stored in the [original](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/original) folder. Based on that we made some customizations fitting our requirements which are stored in the [customized](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/customized) folder. With LibreOffice, for example, you can easily see the differences between the original and our customized version by comparing the two ODT files. The customized CLA ODT's are converted to PDF's and stored in the [latest](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest) folder. These PDF files are the ones that have to be signed/hashed in order to be allowed to contribute to CoatRack.

Reviewer 2: Based on that,

Author: Done.

> For transparency reasons, we will briefly explain here how our CLA system works. Harmony provides [templates](http://harmonyagreements.org/agreements.html) for CLA's in ODT format which are stored in the [original](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/original) folder. Based on that, we made some customizations fitting our requirements which are stored in the [customized](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/customized) folder. With LibreOffice, for example, you can easily see the differences between the original and our customized version by comparing the two ODT files. The customized CLA ODT's are converted to PDF's and stored in the [latest](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest) folder. These PDF files are the ones that have to be signed/hashed in order to be allowed to contribute to CoatRack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For transparency reasons, we will briefly explain here how our CLA was created and how the signing process works. 
Harmony provides [templates](http://harmonyagreements.org/agreements.html) for CLA's in ODT format which are stored in the [original](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/original) folder. Based on those templates we made custom versions, adapted to our CoatRack requirements, which are stored in the [customized](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/source/customized) folder. If you want to see the differences between the original and our customized version, you can easily compare the two ODT files (e.g. using LibreOffice). 

The customized CLA ODT's are converted to PDF's and stored in the [latest](https://github.com/coatrack/cla/latest) folder. These PDF files are the ones that have to be signed/hashed in order to be allowed to contribute to CoatRack.
```

> ## License

Reviewer: I would put this information _before_ the signing instructions.

Author: Done.

> By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under Apache License 2.0. When you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same Apache License 2.0 that covers the project.

Reviewer 2: Here maybe should be something like "by signing this  CLA" instead of by contributing.
Because here, from what I understood, you are just talking about "the CLA" itself and not the contribution

Reviewer 2: reminder: Please check standard (check template used to create the CLA)

## References

> This document was derived from the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) from the [adam-p/markdown-here](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here) project. The content of the [signing-template.md](https://github.com/coatrack/signing-template.md) was derived from [adam-p's agreement file](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/blob/master/contributors/adam-p.md).

Reviewer 2: Here the word "from" is repeated two times in sequence, which could be confusing to the users, maybe rephrase it

Author: Done.
